<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>nt6710ka07.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10K/A 3/31/07
<TEXT>


                                  UNITED STATES

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                   FORM 10-K/A

(Mark One)

|X| ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
    OF 1934

                    For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2004
                    For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2005
                    For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2006
                    For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2007

                                       OR

|_| TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
    ACT OF 1934

             For the transition period from __________ to __________

                         Commission file number: 0-32395

                 WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES 7
             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

          California                                              33-0761517
(State or other jurisdiction of                               (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization)                              Identification No.)

17782 Sky Park Circle,                                            92614-6404
Irvine, CA                                                        (zip code)
(Address of principal executive offices)


                                 (714) 662-5565
                               (Telephone Number)

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                      NONE

           Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act:

                      UNITS OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTEREST
                                (Title of Class)


<PAGE>

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Yes [_] No [X]

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.  Yes [_] No [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [_] No [X]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. |X|

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller
reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated filer [_] Accelerated filer [_] Non-accelerated filer [X]
Smaller reporting company [_]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [_] No [X]

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held
by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity
was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of
the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal
quarter.

                                  INAPPLICABLE

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

List hereunder the following documents if incorporated by reference and the Part
of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which the document is
incorporated: (1) Any annual report to security holders; (2) Any proxy or
information statement; and (3) Any prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) or
(c) under the Securities Act of 1933. The listed documents should be clearly
described for identification purposes (e.g., annual report to security holders
for fiscal year ended December 24, 1980).

                                      NONE

                                EXPLANATORY NOTE

WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P.,  Series 7 is filing this  amendment to its
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2007 for the following
modifications:  Item 1.  Business  was  modified to add  additional  disclosures
related to the 15-year  compliance period expiration dates. Item 1A Risk Factors
was modified to add additional disclosures regarding economic conditions related
to the  value of real  estate,  the risks  related  to the  Partnership  and the
Partnership Agreement and the Partnership's inability to timely file and provide
investors  with  periodic  reports.  Item 5a was  revised to include  additional
disclosure  regarding  distributions  to  the  Limited  Partners.  The  Item  9A
disclosure has been revised to include  additional  disclosure in the disclosure
controls and procedures section.  Item 10 was revised to add the information for
two  Directors of an affiliate of the General  Partner.  Additional  disclosures
were  added  to  Item  11  addressing   compensation  to  the  General  Partner,
reimbursement  of expenses and sale of interst in properties  due to the General
Partner.  Lastly,  the Partnership  added Exhibits 99.9 and 99.10 and are filing
the  statements of operations and cash flows for Lake Village  Apartments,  L.P.
and United  Development  2000 L.P. for the three years preceding the date of the
most recent audited  balance sheet,  in accordance with Rule 3-09 of Regulations
S-X.

                                       2
<PAGE>


PART I.

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

ORGANIZATION

WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 7 (the "Partnership") is a
California limited partnership formed under the laws of the State of California
on June 16, 1997 and has commenced operations on September 3, 1999. The
Partnership was formed to acquire limited partnership interests in other limited
partnerships or limited liability companies ("Local Limited Partnerships") which
owns multi-family housing complexes ("Housing Complexes") that are eligible for
Federal low income housing tax credits ("Low Income Housing Tax Credits"). The
local general partners (the "Local General Partners") of each Local Limited
Partnership retain responsibility for maintaining, operating and managing the
Housing Complex. Each Local Limited Partnership is governed by its agreement of
limited partnership or limited liability company operating agreement (the "Local
Limited Partnership Agreement").

The general partner of the Partnership is WNC & Associates, Inc. ("Associates"
or the "General Partner"). The chairman and president of Associates own
substantially all of the outstanding stock of Associates. The business of the
Partnership is conducted primarily through the General Partner, as the
Partnership has no employees of its own.

Pursuant to a registration statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on April 16, 1999, the Partnership commenced a public offering of
25,000 units of limited partnership interest ("Partnership Units"), at a price
of $1,000 per Partnership Unit. As of the close of the public offering on
November 7, 2000 a total of $18,850,000 representing 18,850 Partnership Units
had been sold. Holders of Partnership Units are referred to herein as "Limited
Partners."

The Partnership shall continue in full force and effect until December 31, 2060
unless terminated prior to that date pursuant to the Partnership Agreement (as
defined below) or law.

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

The Partnership's principal business objective is to provide its Limited
Partners with Low Income Housing Tax Credits. The Partnership's principal
business therefore consists of investing as a limited partner or non-managing
member in Local Limited Partnerships each of which will own and operate a
Housing Complex which will qualify for the Low Income Housing Tax Credits. In
general, under Section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code, an owner of low income
housing can receive the Low Income Housing Tax Credits to be used to reduce
Federal taxes otherwise due in each year of a ten-year credit period. Each
Housing Complex is subject to a 15 year compliance period (the "Compliance
Period"), and under state law may have to be maintained as low income housing
for 30 or more years.

In general, in order to avoid recapture of Low Income Housing Tax Credits, the
Partnership does not expect that it will dispose of its interests in Local
Limited Partnerships ("Local Limited Partnership Interests") or approve the sale
by any Local Limited Partnership of its Housing Complex prior to the end of the
applicable Compliance Period. Because of (i) the nature of the Housing
Complexes, (ii) the difficulty of predicting the resale market for low income
housing and (iii) the ability of government lenders to disapprove of transfer,
it is not possible at this time to predict whether the liquidation of the
Partnership's assets and the disposition of the proceeds, if any, in accordance
with the Partnership's Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated April 1, 1999
("Partnership Agreement"), will be accomplished promptly at the end of the
Compliance Period. If a Local Limited Partnership is unable to sell its Housing
Complex, it is anticipated that the Local General Partner will either continue
to operate such Housing Complex or take such other actions as the Local General
Partner believes to be in the best interest of the Local Limited Partnership.
Notwithstanding the preceding, circumstances beyond the control of the General
Partner or the Local General Partners may occur during the Compliance Period,
which would require the Partnership to approve the disposition of a Housing
Complex prior to the end thereof, possibly resulting in recapture of Low Income
Housing Tax Credits.


                                       3
<PAGE>


The Partnership invested in thirteen Local Limited Partnerships, none of which
had been sold or otherwise disposed as of March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, and 2004.
Each of these Local Limited Partnerships owns a single Housing Complex that was
eligible for the Low Income Housing Tax Credits. Certain Local Limited
Partnerships may also benefit from additional government programs promoting low-
or moderate-income housing.

EXIT STRATEGY

The Compliance Period for a Housing Complex is generally 15 years following
construction or rehabilitation completion. Associates was one of the first in
the industry to offer syndicated investments in Low Income Housing Tax Credits.
The initial programs are completing their Compliance Periods.

The following table reflects the 15-year compliance period of the fifteen
Housing Complexes:

                  EXPIRATION DATE FOR 15-YEAR COMPLIANCE PERIOD

        LOCAL LIMITED
        PARTNERSHIP NAME                                 15-YEAR EXPIRATION DATE
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 2nd Fairhaven, LLC                                                         2014
 ACN Southern Hills Partners II, L.P.                                       2016
 Hickory Lane Partners L.P.                                                 2016
 Lake Village Apartments, L.P.                                              2017
 Montrose Country Estates Limited                                           2015
 Ozark Properties III                                                       2015
 Pierce Street Partners Limited Partnership                                 2015
 Red Oaks Estates, L.P.                                                     2014
 School Square Limited Partnership                                          2015
 Stroud Housing Assoc., LP                                                  2015
 Tahlequah Properties IV, LP                                                2015
 Timberwolf Townhomes Limited Partnership                                   2017
 United Development LP 2000                                                 2017


With that in mind, the General Partner is continuing its review of the Housing
Complexes, with special emphasis on the more mature Housing Complexes such as
any that have satisfied the IRS compliance requirements. The review considers
many factors, including extended use requirements (such as those due to mortgage
restrictions or state compliance agreements), the condition of the Housing
Complexes, and the tax consequences to the Limited Partners from the sale of the
Housing Complexes.

Upon identifying those Housing Complexes with the highest potential for a
successful sale, refinancing or syndication, the Partnership expects to proceed
with efforts to liquidate them. The objective is to maximize the Limited
Partners' return wherever possible and, ultimately, to wind down the
Partnership. Local Limited Partnership Interests may be disposed of any time by
the General Partner in its discretion. As of March 31, 2007, no Housing
Complexes have been sold or selected for disposition. While liquidation of the
Housing Complexes continues to be evaluated, the dissolution of the Partnership
was not imminent as of March 31, 2007. As of March 31, 2007 none of the Housing
Complexes had completed the 15 year compliance period. Subsequent to March 31,
2007 the Partnership has identified one Local Limited Partnership, Lake Village
Apartments, L.P. for disposition. See footnote 7 to the audited financial
statements.

The proceeds from the disposition of any of the Housing Complexes will be used
first to pay debts and other obligations per the respective Local Limited
Partnership Agreement. Any remaining proceeds will then be paid to the partners
of the Local Limited Partnership, including the Partnership, in accordance with
the terms of the particular Local Limited Partnership Agreement, the sale of a
Housing Complex may be subject to other restrictions and obligations.
Accordingly, there can be no assurance that a Local Limited Partnership will be
able to sell its Housing Complex. Even if it does so, there can be no assurance
that any significant amounts of cash will be distributed to the Partnership.
Should such distributions occur, the Limited Partners will be entitled to
receive distributions from the proceeds remaining after payment of Partnership
obligations and funding of reserves, equal to their capital contributions and
their return on investment (as defined in the Partnership Agreement). The
General Partners would then be entitled to receive proceeds equal to their
capital contributions from the remainder. Any additional sale or refinancing
proceeds will be distributed 90% to the Limited Partners (in proportion to their
respective investments) and 10% to the General Partner.

                                       4
<PAGE>

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS

Set forth below are the principal risks the Partnership believes are material to
the Limited Partners. The Partnership and the Local Limited Partnerships operate
in a continually changing business environment and, therefore, new risks emerge
from time to time. This section contains some forward-looking statements. For an
explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements,
see Item 7.


(a) RISKS ARISING FROM THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE RULES GOVERNING LOW INCOME
HOUSING TAX CREDITS

         LOW INCOME HOUSING TAX CREDITS MIGHT NOT BE AVAILABLE. If a Housing
Complex does not satisfy the requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 42,
then the Housing Complex will not be eligible for Low Income Housing Tax
Credits.

         LOW INCOME HOUSING TAX CREDITS MIGHT BE LESS THAN ANTICIPATED. The
Local General Partners will calculate the amount of the Low Income Housing Tax
Credits. No opinion of counsel will cover the calculation of the amount of Low
Income Housing Tax Credits. The IRS could challenge the amount of the Low Income
Housing Tax Credits claimed for any Housing Complex under any of a number of
provisions set forth in Internal Revenue Code Section 42. A successful challenge
by the IRS would decrease the amount of the Low Income Housing Tax Credits from
the amount paid for by the Partnership.

         UNLESS A BOND IS POSTED OR A TREASURY DIRECT ACCOUNT IS ESTABLISHED,
LOW INCOME HOUSING TAX CREDITS MAY BE RECAPTURED IF HOUSING COMPLEXES ARE NOT
OWNED AND OPERATED FOR 15 YEARS. Housing Complexes must comply with Internal
Revenue Code Section 42 for the 15-year Compliance Period. Low Income Housing
Tax Credits will be recaptured with interest to the extent that a Housing
Complex is not rented as low income housing or in some other way does not
satisfy the requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 42 during the
Compliance Period. For example, unless a bond is posted or a Treasury Direct
Account is established, recapture with interest would occur if:

         o        a Local Limited Partnership disposed of its interest in a
                  Housing Complex during the Compliance Period, or

         o        the Partnership disposed of its interest in a Local Limited
                  Partnership during the Compliance Period.

For these purposes, disposition includes transfer by way of foreclosure.

It will be up to the Partnership to determine whether to post a bond. There is
no obligation under the agreements with the Local Limited Partnerships that the
Local Limited Partnerships must do so.

There can be no assurance that recapture will not occur. If it does, recapture
will be of a portion of all Low Income Housing Tax Credits taken in prior years
for that Housing Complex, plus interest. During the first 11 years of the
Compliance Period, non-compliance results in one-third of the credits up to that
point for the particular Housing Complex being recaptured, plus interest.
Between years 12 and 15, the recapture is phased out ratably.

         SALES OF HOUSING COMPLEXES AFTER 15 YEARS ARE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS
WHICH MAY IMPACT A LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP'S ABILITY TO SELL ITS HOUSING
COMPLEX. Each Local Limited Partnership executes an extended low income housing
commitment with the state in which the Housing Complex is located. The extended
low income housing commitment states the number of years that the Local Limited
Partnership and any subsequent owners must rent the Housing Complex as low
income housing. Under Federal law, the commitment must be for at least 30 years.
The commitment actually agreed to may be significantly longer than 30 years. In
prioritizing applicants for Low Income Housing Tax Credits, most states give
additional points for commitment periods in excess of 30 years. On any sale of
the Housing Complex during the commitment period, the purchaser would have to
agree to continue to rent the Housing Complex as low income housing for the
duration of the commitment period. This requirement reduces the potential
market, and possibly the sales price, for the Housing Complexes. The sale of a
Housing Complex may be subject to other restrictions. For example, Federal
lenders or subsidizers may have the right to approve or disapprove a purchase of
a Housing Complex. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that a Local Limited
Partnership will be able to sell its Housing Complex. Even if it does so, there
can be no assurance that any significant amount of cash will be distributed to
the Limited Partners. As a result, a material portion of the Low Income Housing
Tax Credits may represent a return of the money originally invested in the
Partnership.

                                       5
<PAGE>

         LIMITED PARTNERS CAN ONLY USE LOW INCOME HOUSING TAX CREDITS IN LIMITED
AMOUNTS. The ability of an individual or other non-corporate Limited Partner to
claim Low Income Housing Tax Credits on his individual tax return is limited.
For example, an individual Limited Partner can use Low Income Housing Tax
Credits to reduce his tax liability on:

         o        an unlimited amount of passive income, which is income from
                  entities such as the Partnership, and

         o        $25,000 in income from other sources.

However, the use of Low Income Housing Tax Credits by an individual against
these types of income is subject to ordering rules, which may further limit the
use of Low Income Housing Tax Credits. Some corporate Limited Partners are
subject to similar and other limitations. They include corporations which
provide personal services, and corporations which are owned by five or fewer
shareholders.

Any portion of a Low Income Housing Tax Credit which is allowed to a Limited
Partner under such rules is then aggregated with all of the Limited Partner's
other business credits. The aggregate is then subject to the general limitation
on all business credits. That limitation provides that a Limited Partner can use
business credits to offset the Limited Partner's annual tax liability equal to
$25,000 plus 75% of the Limited Partner's tax liability in excess of $25,000.
However, business credits may not be used to offset any alternative minimum tax.
All of these concepts are extremely complicated.

(b) RISKS RELATED TO INVESTMENT IN LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS AND HOUSING
COMPLEXES

         BECAUSE THE PARTNERSHIP HAS FEW INVESTMENTS, EACH INVESTMENT WILL HAVE
A GREAT IMPACT ON THE PARTNERSHIP'S RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. Any single Housing
Complex experiencing poor operating performance, impairment of value or
recapture of Low Income Housing Tax Credits will have a significant impact upon
the Partnership as a whole.

         THE FAILURE TO PAY MORTGAGE DEBT COULD RESULT IN A FORCED SALE OF A
HOUSING COMPLEX. Each Local Limited Partnership leverages the Partnership's
investment therein by incurring mortgage debt. A Local Limited Partnership's
revenues could be less than its debt payments and taxes and other operating
costs. If so, the Local Limited Partnership would have to use working capital
reserves, seek additional funds, or suffer a forced sale of its Housing Complex,
which could include a foreclosure. The same results could occur if government
subsidies ceased. Foreclosure would result in a loss of the Partnership's
capital invested in the Housing Complex. Foreclosure could also result in a
recapture of Low Income Housing Tax Credits, and a loss of Low Income Housing
Tax Credits for the year in which the foreclosure occurs. If the Housing Complex
is highly-leveraged, a relatively slight decrease in the rental revenues could
adversely affect the Local Limited Partnership's ability to pay its debt service
requirements. Mortgage debt may be repayable in a self-amortizing series of
equal installments or with a large balloon final payment. Balloon payments
maturing prior to the end of the anticipated holding period for the Housing
Complex create the risk of a forced sale if the debt cannot be refinanced. There
can be no assurance that additional funds will be available to any Local Limited
Partnership if needed on acceptable terms or at all.

         THE PARTNERSHIP DOES NOT CONTROL THE LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS AND
MUST RELY ON THE LOCAL GENERAL PARTNERS. The Local General Partners will make
all management decisions for the Local Limited Partnerships and the Housing
Complexes. The Partnership has very limited rights with respect to management of
the Local Limited Partnerships. The Partnership will not be able to exercise any
control with respect to Local Limited Partnership business decisions and
operations. Consequently, the success of the Partnership will depend on the
abilities of the Local General Partners.

                                       6
<PAGE>

         HOUSING COMPLEXES SUBSIDIZED BY OTHER GOVERNMENT PROGRAMS ARE SUBJECT
TO ADDITIONAL RULES WHICH MAY MAKE IT DIFFICULT TO OPERATE AND SELL HOUSING
COMPLEXES. Some or all of the Housing Complexes receive or may receive
government financing or operating subsidies in addition to Low Income Housing
Tax Credits. The following are risks associated with some such subsidy programs:

      o     Obtaining tenants for the Housing Complexes. Government regulations
            limit the types of people who can rent subsidized housing. These
            regulations may make it more difficult to rent the residential units
            in the Housing Complexes.
      o     Obtaining rent increases. In many cases rents can only be increased
            with the prior approval of the subsidizing agency.
      o     Limitations on cash distributions. The amount of cash that may be
            distributed to owners of subsidized Housing Complexes is less than
            the amount that could be earned by the owners of non-subsidized
            Housing Complexes.
      o     Limitations on sale or refinancing of the Housing Complexes. A Local
            Limited Partnership may be unable to sell its Housing Complex or to
            refinance its mortgage loan without the prior approval of the
            subsidizer. The subsidizer may withhold such approval in the
            discretion of the subsidizer. Approval may be subject to conditions,
            including the condition that the purchaser continues to operate the
            property as affordable housing for terms which could be as long as
            30 years or more. In addition, any prepayment of a mortgage may
            result in the assessment of a prepayment penalty.
      o     Limitations on transfers of interests in Local Limited Partnerships.
            The Partnership may be unable to sell its interest in a Local
            Limited Partnership without the prior approval of the subsidizer.
            The subsidizer may withhold such approval in the discretion of the
            subsidizer. Approval may be subject to conditions.
      o     Limitations on removal and admission of Local General Partners. The
            Partnership may be unable to remove a Local General Partner from a
            Local Limited Partnership except for cause, such as the violation of
            the rules of the subsidizer. Regulations may prohibit the removal of
            a Local General Partner or permit removal only with the prior
            approval of the subsidizer. Regulations may also require approval of
            the admission of a successor Local General Partner even upon the
            death or other disability of a Local General Partner.
      o     Limitations on subsidy payments. Subsidy payments may be fixed in
            amount and subject to annual legislative appropriations. The rental
            revenues of a Housing Complex, when combined with the maximum
            committed subsidy, may be insufficient to meet obligations. Congress
            or the state legislature, as the case may be, may fail to
            appropriate or increase the necessary subsidy. In those events, the
            mortgage lender could foreclose on the Housing Complex unless a
            workout arrangement could be negotiated.
      o     Possible changes in applicable regulations. Legislation may be
            enacted which adversely revises provisions of outstanding mortgage
            loans. Such legislation has been enacted in the past.
      o     Limited Partners may not receive distributions if Housing Complexes
            are sold. There is no assurance that Limited Partners will receive
            any cash distributions from the sale or refinancing of a Housing
            Complex. The price at which a Housing Complex is sold may not be
            high enough to pay the mortgage and other expenses which must be
            paid at such time. If that happens, a Limited Partner's return may
            be derived only from the Low Income Housing Tax Credits and tax
            losses.

         UNINSURED CASUALTIES COULD RESULT IN LOSSES AND RECAPTURE. There are
casualties which are either uninsurable or not economically insurable. These
include earthquakes, floods, wars and losses relating to hazardous materials or
environmental matters. If a Housing Complex experienced an uninsured casualty,
the Partnership could lose both its invested capital and anticipated profits in
such property. Even if the casualty were an insured loss, the Local Limited
Partnership might be unable to rebuild the destroyed property. A portion of
prior tax credits could be recaptured and future tax credits could be lost if
the Housing Complex were not restored within a reasonable period of time. And
liability judgments against the Local Limited Partnership could exceed available
insurance proceeds or otherwise materially and adversely affect the Local
Limited Partnership. The cost of liability and casualty insurance has increased
in recent years. Casualty insurance has become more difficult to obtain and may
require large deductible amounts.

         HOUSING COMPLEXES WITHOUT FINANCING OR OPERATING SUBSIDIES MAY BE
UNABLE TO PAY OPERATING EXPENSES. If a Local Limited Partnership were unable to
pay operating expenses, one result could be a forced sale of its Housing
Complex. If a forced sale occurs during the first 15 years of a Housing Complex,
a partial recapture of Low Income Housing Tax Credits could occur. In this
regard, some of the Local Limited Partnerships may own Housing Complexes which
have no subsidies other than Low Income Housing Tax Credits. Those Housing
Complexes do not have the benefit of below-market-interest-rate financing or
operating subsidies which often are important to the feasibility of low income
housing. Those Housing Complexes rely solely on rents to pay expenses. However,
in order for any Housing Complex to be eligible for Low Income Housing Tax
Credits, it must restrict the rent which may be charged to tenants. Over time,
the expenses of a Housing Complex will increase. If a Local Limited Partnership
cannot increase its rents, it may be unable to pay increased operating expenses.

                                       7
<PAGE>

         THE PARTNERSHIP'S INVESTMENT PROTECTION POLICIES WILL BE WORTHLESS IF
THE NET WORTH OF THE LOCAL GENERAL PARTNERS IS NOT SUFFICIENT TO SATISFY THEIR
OBLIGATIONS. There is a risk that the Local General Partners will be unable to
perform their financial obligations to the Partnership. The General Partner has
not established a minimum net worth requirement for the Local General Partners.
Rather, each Local General Partner demonstrates a net worth which the General
Partner believes is appropriate under the circumstances. The assets of the Local
General Partners are likely to consist primarily of real estate holdings and
similar assets. The fair market value of these types of assets is difficult to
estimate. These types of assets cannot be readily liquidated to satisfy the
financial guarantees and commitments which the Local General Partners make to
the Partnership. Moreover, other creditors may have claims on these assets. No
escrow accounts or other security arrangements will be established to ensure
performance of a Local General Partner's obligations. The cost to enforce a
Local General Partner's obligations may be high. If a Local General Partner does
not satisfy its obligations the Partnership may have no remedy, or the remedy
may be limited to removing the Local General Partner as general partner of the
Local Limited Partnership.

         FLUCTUATING ECONOMIC CONDITIONS CAN REDUCE THE VALUE OF REAL ESTATE.
Any investment in real estate is subject to risks from fluctuating economic
conditions. These conditions can adversely affect the ability to realize a
profit or even to recover invested capital. Among these conditions are:

      o     the general and local job market,
      o     the availability and cost of mortgage financing,
      o     monetary inflation,
      o     tax, environmental, land use and zoning policies,
      o     the supply of and demand for similar properties,
      o     neighborhood conditions,
      o     the availability and cost of utilities and water.

         For each of the years ended March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005 and 2004, a loss
in value of the Partnership's investments in Local Limited Partnerships, other
than a temporary decline, was recorded as an impairment loss in the
Partnership's financial statements. Impairment is measured by comparing the
Partnership's carrying amount in the investment to the sum of the total amount
of the remaining future Low Income Housing Tax Credits estimated to be allocated
to the Partnership and the estimated residual value to the Partnership. For the
years ended March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004 and 2003, impairment loss related
to investments in Local Limited Partnerships was $623,012; $89,669; $0; $571,730
and $0, respectively.

(c) TAX RISKS OTHER THAN THOSE RELATING TO TAX CREDITS

In addition to the risks pertaining specifically to Low Income Housing Tax
Credits, there are other Federal income tax risks. Additional Federal income tax
risks associated with the ownership of Partnership Units and the operations of
the Partnership and the Local Limited Partnerships include, but are not limited
to, the following:

         NO OPINION OF COUNSEL AS TO CERTAIN MATTERS. No legal opinion is
obtained regarding matters:

      o     the determination of which depends on future factual circumstances,
      o     which are peculiar to individual Limited Partners, or
      o     which are not customarily the subject of an opinion.

The more significant of these matters include:

      o     allocating purchase price among components of a property,
            particularly as between buildings and fixtures, the cost of which is
            depreciable, and the underlying land, the cost of which is not
            depreciable,
      o     characterizing expenses and payments made to or by the Partnership
            or a Local Limited Partnership,
      o     identifying the portion of the costs of any Housing Complex which
            qualify for historic and other tax credits,
      o     applying to any specific Limited Partner the limitation on the use
            of tax credits and tax losses. Limited Partners must determine for
            themselves the extent to which they can use tax credits and tax
            losses, and
      o     the application of the alternative minimum tax to any specific
            Limited Partner, or the calculation of the alternative minimum tax
            by any Limited Partner. The alternative minimum tax could reduce the
            tax benefits from an investment in the Partnership.

                                       8
<PAGE>

There can be no assurance, therefore, that the IRS will not challenge some of
the tax positions adopted by the Partnership. The courts could sustain an IRS
challenge. An IRS challenge, if successful, could have a detrimental effect on
the Partnership's ability to realize its investment objectives.

         PASSIVE ACTIVITY RULES WILL LIMIT DEDUCTION OF THE PARTNERSHIP'S LOSSES
AND IMPOSE TAX ON INTEREST INCOME. The Internal Revenue Code imposes limits on
the ability of most investors to claim losses from investments in real estate.
An individual may claim these so-called passive losses only as an offset to
income from investments in real estate or rental activities. An individual may
not claim passive losses as an offset against other types of income, such as
salaries, wages, dividends and interest. These passive activity rules will
restrict the ability of most Limited Partners to use losses from the Partnership
as an offset of non-passive income.

         THE PARTNERSHIP MAY EARN INTEREST INCOME ON ITS RESERVES AND LOANS. The
passive activity rules generally will categorize interest as portfolio income,
and not passive income. Passive losses cannot be used as an offset to portfolio
income. Consequently, a Limited Partner could pay tax liability on portfolio
income from the Partnership.

         AT RISK RULES MIGHT LIMIT DEDUCTION OF THE PARTNERSHIP'S LOSSES. If a
significant portion of the financing used to purchase Housing Complexes does not
consist of qualified nonrecourse financing, the "at risk" rules will limit a
Limited Partner's ability to claim Partnership losses to the amount the Limited
Partner invests in the Partnership. The "at risk" rules of the Internal Revenue
Code generally limit a Limited Partner's ability to deduct Partnership losses to
the sum of:

      o     the amount of cash the Limited Partner invests in the Partnership,
            and
      o     the Limited Partner's share of Partnership qualified nonrecourse
            financing.

Qualified nonrecourse financing is non-convertible, nonrecourse debt which is
borrowed from a government, or with exceptions, any person actively and
regularly engaged in the business of lending money.

         TAX LIABILITY ON SALE OF A HOUSING COMPLEX OR LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
INTEREST MAY EXCEED THE CASH AVAILABLE FROM THE SALE. When a Local Limited
Partnership sells a Housing Complex it will recognize gain. Such gain is equal
to the difference between:

      o     the sales proceeds plus the amount of indebtedness secured by the
            Housing Complex, and
      o     the adjusted basis for the Housing Complex. The adjusted basis for a
            Housing Complex is its original cost, plus capital expenditures,
            minus depreciation.

Similarly, when the Partnership sells an interest in a Local Limited Partnership
the Partnership will recognize gain. Such gain is equal to the difference
between:

      o     the sales proceeds plus the Partnership's share of the amount of
            indebtedness secured by the Housing Complex, and
      o     the adjusted basis for the interest. The adjusted basis for an
            interest in a Local Limited Partnership is the amount paid for the
            interest, plus income allocations and cash distributions, less loss
            allocations.

Accordingly, gain will be increased by the depreciation deductions taken during
the holding period for the Housing Complex. In some cases, a Limited Partner
could have a tax liability from a sale greater than the cash distributed to the
Limited Partner from the sale.

         ALTERNATIVE MINIMUM TAX LIABILITY COULD REDUCE A LIMITED PARTNER'S TAX
BENEFITS. If a Limited Partner pays alternative minimum tax, the Limited Partner
could suffer a reduction in benefits from an investment in the Partnership. The
application of the alternative minimum tax is personal to each Limited Partner.
Tax credits may not be utilized to reduce alternative minimum tax liability.


                                       9
<PAGE>

         IRS COULD AUDIT THE RETURNS OF THE PARTNERSHIP, THE LOCAL LIMITED
PARTNERSHIPS OR THE LIMITED PARTNERS. The IRS can audit the Partnership or a
Local Limited Partnership at the entity level with regard to issues affecting
the entity. The IRS does not have to audit each Limited Partner in order to
challenge a position taken by the Partnership or a Local Limited Partnership.
Similarly, only one judicial proceeding can be filed to contest an IRS
determination. A contest by the Partnership of any IRS determination might
result in high legal fees.

         AN AUDIT OF THE PARTNERSHIP OR A LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP ALSO COULD
RESULT IN AN AUDIT OF A LIMITED PARTNER. An audit of a Limited Partner's tax
returns could result in adjustments both to items that are related to the
Partnership and to unrelated items. The Limited Partner could then be required
to file amended tax returns and pay additional tax plus interest and penalties.

         A SUCCESSFUL IRS CHALLENGE TO TAX ALLOCATIONS OF THE PARTNERSHIP OR A
LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP WOULD REDUCE THE TAX BENEFITS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE
PARTNERSHIP. Under the Internal Revenue Code, a partnership's allocation of
income, gains, deductions, losses and tax credits must have substantial economic
effect. Substantial economic effect is a highly-technical concept. The
fundamental principle is two-fold. If a partner will benefit economically from
an item of partnership income or gain, that item must be allocated to him so
that he bears the correlative tax burden. Conversely, if a partner will suffer
economically from an item of partnership deduction or loss, that item must be
allocated to him so that he bears the correlative tax benefit. If a
partnership's allocations do not have substantial economic effect, then the
partnership's tax items are allocated in accordance with each partner's interest
in the partnership. The IRS might challenge the allocations made by the
Partnership:

      o     between the Limited Partners and the General Partner,
      o     among the Limited Partners, or
      o     between the Partnership and a Local General Partner.

If any allocations were successfully challenged, a greater share of the income
or gain or a lesser share of the losses or tax credits might be allocated to the
Limited Partners. This would increase the tax liability or reduce the tax
benefits to the Limited Partners.

         TAX LIABILITIES COULD ARISE IN LATER YEARS OF THE PARTNERSHIP. After a
period of years following commencement of operations by a Local Limited
Partnership, the Local Limited Partnership may generate profits rather than
losses. A Limited Partner would have tax liability on his share of such profits
unless he could offset the income with:

      o     unused passive losses from the Partnership or other investments, or
      o     current passive losses from other investments.

In such circumstances, the Limited Partner would not receive a cash distribution
from the Partnership with which to pay any tax liability.

         IRS CHALLENGE TO TAX TREATMENT OF EXPENDITURES COULD REDUCE LOSSES. The
IRS may contend that fees and payments of the Partnership or a Local Limited
Partnership:

      o     should be deductible over a longer period of time or in a later
            year,
      o     are excessive and may not be capitalized or deducted in full,
      o     should be capitalized and not deducted, or
      o     may not be included as part of the basis for computing tax credits.

Any such contention by the IRS could adversely impact, among other things:

      o     the eligible basis of a Housing Complex used to compute Low Income
            Housing Tax Credits,
      o     the adjusted basis of a Housing Complex used to compute
            depreciation,
      o     the correct deduction of fees,
      o     the amortization of organization and offering expenses and start-up
            expenditures.



                                       10
<PAGE>

If the IRS were successful in any such contention, the anticipated Low Income
Housing Tax Credits and losses of the Partnership would be reduced, perhaps
substantially.

         CHANGES IN TAX LAW MIGHT REDUCE THE VALUE OF LOW INCOME HOUSING TAX
CREDITS. Although all Low Income Housing Tax Credits are allocated to a Housing
Complex at commencement of the 10-year credit period, there can be no assurance
that future legislation may not adversely affect an investment in the
Partnership. For example, legislation could reduce or eliminate the value of Low
Income Housing Tax Credits. In this regard, before 1986, the principal tax
benefit of an investment in low income housing was tax losses. These tax losses
generally were used to reduce an investor's income from all sources on a
dollar-for-dollar basis. Investments in low income housing were made in reliance
on the availability of such tax benefits. However, tax legislation enacted in
1986 severely curtailed deduction of such losses.

         NEW ADMINISTRATIVE OR JUDICIAL INTERPRETATIONS OF THE LAW MIGHT REDUCE
THE VALUE OF TAX credits. Many of the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code
related to low income housing and real estate investments have not been
interpreted by the IRS in regulations, rulings or public announcements, or by
the courts. In the future, these provisions may be interpreted or clarified by
the IRS or the courts in a manner adverse to the Partnership or the Local
Limited Partnerships. The IRS constantly reviews the Federal tax rules, and can
revise its interpretations of established concepts. Any such revisions could
reduce or eliminate tax benefits associated with an investment in the
Partnership.

         STATE INCOME TAX LAWS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT THE LIMITED PARTNERS. A
Limited Partner may be required to file income tax returns and be subject to tax
and withholding in each state or local taxing jurisdiction in which: a Housing
Complex is located, the Partnership or a Local Limited Partnership engages in
business activities, or the Limited Partner is a resident. Corporate Limited
Partners may be required to pay state franchise taxes.

         THE TAX TREATMENT OF PARTICULAR ITEMS UNDER STATE OR LOCAL INCOME TAX
LAWS MAY VARY MATERIALLY FROM THE FEDERAL INCOME TAX TREATMENT OF SUCH ITEMS.
Nonetheless, many of the Federal income tax risks associated with an investment
in the Partnership may also apply under state or local income tax law. The
Partnership may be required to withhold state taxes from distributions or income
allocations to Limited Partners in some instances.

(d) RISKS RELATED TO THE PARTNERSHIP AND THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT

         THE PARTNERSHIP MAY BE UNABLE TO TIMELY PROVIDE FINANCIAL REPORTS TO
THE LIMITED PARTNERS WHICH WOULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THEIR ABILITY TO MONITOR
PARTNERSHIP OPERATIONS. Historically, the Partnership has been unable to timely
file and provide investors with all of its required periodic reports. In some
instances, the delay has been substantial. Each Local General Partner is
required to retain independent public accountants and to report financial
information to the Partnership in a timely manner. There cannot be any assurance
that the Local General Partners will satisfy these obligations. If not, the
Partnership would be unable to provide to the Limited Partners in a timely
manner its financial statements and other reports. That would impact the Limited
Partners' ability to monitor Partnership operations. The Partnership's failure
to meet its filing requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 could
reduce the liquidity for the Partnership Units due to the unavailability of
public information concerning the Partnership. The failure to file could also
result in sanctions imposed by the SEC. Any defense mounted by the Partnership
in the face of such sanctions could entail legal and other fees, which would
diminish cash reserves.

         LACK OF LIQUIDITY OF INVESTMENT. It is unlikely that a public market
will develop for the purchase and sale of Partnership Units. Accordingly,
Limited Partners may not be able to sell their Partnership Units promptly or at
a reasonable price. Partnership Units should be considered as a long-term
investment because the Partnership is unlikely to sell any Local Limited
Partnership Interests for at least 15 years. Partnership Units cannot be
transferred to tax-exempt or foreign entities, or through a secondary market.
The General Partner can deny effectiveness of a transfer if necessary to avoid
adverse tax consequences from the transfer. The General Partner does not
anticipate that any Partnership Units will be redeemed by the Partnership.

         THE LIMITED PARTNERS WILL NOT CONTROL THE PARTNERSHIP AND MUST RELY
TOTALLY ON THE GENERAL PARTNER. The General Partner will make all management
decisions for the Partnership. Management decisions include exercising powers
granted to the Partnership by a Local Limited Partnership. Limited Partners have
no right or power to take part in Partnership management.

                                       11
<PAGE>

Individual Limited Partners will have no recourse if they disagree with actions
authorized by a vote of the majority. The Partnership Agreement grants to
Limited Partners owning more than 50% of the Partnership Units the right to:

      o     remove the General Partner and elect a replacement general partner,
      o     amend the Partnership Agreement,
      o     terminate the Partnership.

Accordingly, a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners could cause any such
events to occur, even if Limited Partners owning 49% of the Partnership Units
opposed such action.

         LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY OF THE GENERAL PARTNER TO THE PARTNERSHIP. The
ability of Limited Partners to sue the General Partner and it affiliates is
subject to limitations. The Partnership Agreement limits the liability of the
General Partner and it affiliates to the Limited Partners. The General Partner
and it affiliates will not be liable to the Limited Partners for acts and
omissions: performed or omitted in good faith, and performed or omitted in a
manner which the General Partner reasonably believed to be within the scope of
its authority and in the best interest of the Limited Partners, provided such
conduct did not constitute negligence or misconduct.

Therefore, Limited Partners may be less able to sue the General Partner and it
affiliates than would be the case if such provisions were not included in the
Partnership Agreement.

         PAYMENT OF FEES TO THE GENERAL PARTNER AND ITS AFFILIATES REDUCES CASH
AVAILABLE FOR INVESTMENT IN LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS. The General Partner and
it affiliates perform many services for the Partnership. They are paid fees for
these services, which reduce the amount of the cash available for investment in
Local Limited Partnerships. Accordingly, an investor investing directly in a low
income housing apartment complex would have a greater amount available for
investment than an investor investing in low income housing through the
Partnership.

         ASSOCIATES AND ITS AFFILIATES ARE SERVING AS THE GENERAL PARTNERS OF
MANY OTHER PARTNERSHIPS. Depending on their corporate area of responsibility,
the officers of Associates initially devote approximately 5% to 50% of their
time to the Partnership. These individuals spend significantly less time devoted
to the Partnership after the investment of the Partnership`s capital in Local
Limited Partnerships.

         THE INTERESTS OF LIMITED PARTNERS MAY CONFLICT WITH THE INTERESTS OF
THE GENERAL PARTNER AND ITS AFFILIATES. The General Partner and its affiliates
are committed to the management of more than 100 other limited partnerships that
have investments similar to those of the Partnership. The General Partner and
its affiliates receive substantial compensation from the Partnership. The
General Partner decides how the Partnership's investments in Housing Complexes
are managed, and when the investments will be sold. The General Partner may face
a conflict in these circumstances because the General Partner's share of fees
and cash distributions from the transaction may be more or less than their
expected share of fees if a Housing Complex were not sold. The result of these
conflicts could be that a Partnership may make investments which are less
desirable, or on terms which are less favorable, to the Partnership than might
otherwise be the case. The Partnership has not developed any formal process for
resolving conflicts of interest. However, the General Partner is subject to a
fiduciary duty to exercise good faith and integrity in handling the affairs of
the Partnership, and that duty will govern its actions in all such matters.
Furthermore, the manner in which the Partnership can operate and sell
investments are subject to substantial restrictions in the Partnership
Agreement.

         Anticipated future and existing cash resources of the Partnership are
not sufficient to pay existing liabilities of the Partnership. However,
substantially all of the existing liabilities of the Partnership are payable to
the General Partner and/or its affiliates.

         The Partnership's accrued payables consist primarily of the asset
management fees payable to the General Partner. These accrued payables increased
by approximately $27,000, $8,000, and $18,000 for the years ended March 31,
2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The Partnership's future contractual cash
obligations consist solely of its obligations to pay future annual asset
management fees. These will equal approximately $58,000 per year through the
termination of the Partnership, which must occur no later than December 31,
2060. Though the amounts payable to the General Partner and/or its affiliates
are contractually currently payable, the Partnership anticipates that the
General Partner and/or its affiliates will not require the payment of these
contractual obligations until capital reserves are in excess of the aggregate of
the existing contractual obligations and anticipated future foreseeable
obligations of the Partnership. The Partnership would be adversely affected
should the General Partner and/or its affiliates demand current payment of the
existing contractual obligations and or suspend services for this or any other
reason.

                                       12
<PAGE>

ITEM 5a.

a)   The Partnership Units are not traded on a public exchange but were sold
     through a public offering. It is not anticipated that any public market
     will develop for the purchase and sale of any Partnership Units and none
     exists. Partnership Units can be assigned or otherwise transferred only if
     certain requirements in the Partnership Agreement are satisfied.

b)   At March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005 and 2004, there were 947, 944, 943 and 939
     Limited Partners, respectively, and 25, 23, 21 and 19, assignees of
     Partnership Units who were not admitted as Limited Partners, respectively.

c)   The Partnership was not designed to provide cash distributions to Limited
     Partners in circumstances other than, perhaps, refinancing or disposition
     of its investments in Local Limited Partnerships. Any such distributions
     would be made in accordance with the terms of the Partnership Agreement.
     For all years presented there were no such distributions paid to the
     Limited Partners.

d)   No securities are authorized for issuance by the Partnership under equity
     compensation plans.

e)   The Partnership does not issue common stock

f)   No unregistered securities were sold by the Partnership during the years
     ended March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005 and 2004.

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

With the exception of the discussion regarding historical information, this
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" and other discussions elsewhere in this Form 10-K contain forward
looking statements. Such statements are based on current expectations subject to
uncertainties and other factors which may involve known and unknown risks that
could cause actual results of operations to differ materially from those
projected or implied. Further, certain forward-looking statements are based upon
assumptions about future events which may not prove to be accurate.

Risks and uncertainties inherent in forward looking statements include, but are
not limited to, the Partnership's future cash flows and ability to obtain
sufficient financing, level of operating expenses, conditions in the Low Income
Housing Tax Credits property market and the economy in general, as well as legal
proceedings. Historical results are not necessarily indicative of the operating
results for any future period.

Subsequent written and oral forward looking statements attributable to the
Partnership or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their
entirety by cautionary statements in this Form 10-K and in other reports filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The following discussion should be
read in conjunction with the Financial Statements and the Notes thereto included
elsewhere in this filing.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND CERTAIN RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The Partnership believes that the following discussion addresses the
Partnership's most significant accounting policies, which are the most critical
to aid in fully understanding and evaluating the Partnership's reported
financial results, and certain of the Partnership's risks and uncertainties.

                                       13
<PAGE>

USE OF ESTIMATES

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could materially differ from those
estimates.

METHOD OF ACCOUNTING FOR INVESTMENTS IN LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS

The Partnership accounts for its investments in Local Limited Partnerships using
the equity method of accounting, whereby the Partnership adjusts its investment
balance for its share of the Local Limited Partnerships' results of operations
and for any contributions made and distributions received. The Partnership
reviews the carrying amount of an individual investment in a Local Limited
Partnership for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of such investment may not be recoverable.
Recoverability of such investment is measured by the estimated value derived by
management, generally consisting of the product of the remaining future Low
Income Housing Tax Credits estimated to be allocable to the Partnership and the
estimated residual value to the Partnership. If an investment is considered to
be impaired, the Partnership reduces the carrying value of its investment in any
such Local Limited Partnership. The accounting policies of the Local Limited
Partnerships, generally, are expected to be consistent with those of the
Partnership. Costs incurred by the Partnership in acquiring the investments are
capitalized as part of the investment account and are being amortized over 30
years. (See Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements)

"Equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships" for each year ended March 31
has been recorded by the Partnership based on nine months of reported results
provided by the Local Limited Partnerships for each year ended December 31 and
on three months of results estimated by management of the Partnership.
Management's estimate for the three-month period is based on either actual
unaudited results reported by the Local Limited Partnerships or historical
trends in the operations of the Local Limited Partnerships. In subsequent annual
financial statements, upon receiving the actual annual results reported by the
Local Limited Partnerships, management reverses its prior estimate and records
the actual results reported by the Local Limited Partnerships. Equity in losses
from the Local Limited Partnerships allocated to the Partnership is not
recognized to the extent that the investment balance would be adjusted below
zero. As soon as the investment balance reaches zero, the related costs of
acquiring the investment are impaired.

Distributions received from the Local Limited Partnerships are accounted for as
a reduction of the investment balance. Distributions received after the
investment has reached zero are recognized as distribution income. If the Local
Limited Partnerships report net income in future years, the Partnership will
resume applying the equity method only after its share of such net income equals
the share of net losses not recognized during the period(s) the equity method
was suspended.

The Partnership does not consolidate the accounts and activities of the Local
Limited Partnerships which are Variable Interest Entities under Financial
Accounting Standards Board Interpretation No. 46-Revised, "Consolidation of
Variable Interest Entities", because the Partnership is not considered the
primary beneficiary. The Partnership's balance in Investments in Local Limited
Partnerships represents the maximum exposure to loss in connection with such
investments. The Partnership's exposure to loss on the Local Limited
Partnerships is mitigated by the condition and financial performance of the
underlying Housing Complexes as well as the strength of the Local General
Partners.

INCOME TAXES

No provision for income taxes has been recorded in the financial statements as
any liabilities and/or benefits from income taxes flow to the partners of the
Partnership and are their obligations and/or benefits. For income tax purposes,
the Partnership reports on a calendar year basis.


                                       14
<PAGE>

Impact of New Accounting Pronouncements
---------------------------------------

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS 157, "FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS" and in
February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS 159, "THE FAIR VALUE OPTION FOR FINANCIAL
ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES." SFAS 157 defines fair values as the price
that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants in the market in which the
reporting entity transacts. SFAS 157 applies whenever other standards require
assets or liabilities to be measured at fair value and does not expand the use
of fair value in any new circumstances. SFAS 157 establishes a hierarchy that
prioritizes the information used in developing fair value estimates. The
hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and the
lowest priority to unobservable data, such as the reporting entity's own data.
SAFAS 157 requires fair value measurements to be disclosed by level within the
fair value hierarchy. SFAS 157 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
November 15, 2007. The Partnership is currently evaluating the impacts and
disclosures of this standard, but would not expect SFAS 157 to have a material
impact on the Partnership's results of operations or financial condition.

SFAS 159 permits entities to choose to measure many financial instruments and
certain other items at fair value. The fair value election is designed to
improve financial reporting by providing entities with the opportunity to
mitigate volatility in reported earnings caused by measuring related assets and
liabilities differently without having to apply complex hedge accounting
provisions. SFAS 159 is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15,
2007. The Partnership is currently evaluating the impacts and disclosures of
this standard, but would not expect SFAS 159 to have a material impact on the
Partnership's results of operations or financial condition.

On December 4, 2007, The FASB issued Statement No 141R, "Business Combinations"
("SFAS 141R"). This statement changes the accounting for acquisitions
specifically eliminating the step acquisition model, changing the recognition of
contingent consideration from being recognized when it is probable to being
recognized at the time of acquisition, disallowing the capitalization of
transaction costs and delays when restructurings related to acquisitions can be
recognized. The standard is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15,
2008. The Partnership is currently evaluating the impacts and disclosures of
this standard, but would not expect SFAS 141R to have a material impact on the
Partnership's results of operations or financial condition.

On December 4, 2007, the FASB issued Statement No. 160, "Noncontrolling
Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements, an amendment of ARB No. 51"
("SFAS 160"). SFAS 160 replaces the concept of minority interest with
noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries. Noncontrolling interests will now be
reported as a component of equity in the consolidated statement of financial
position. Earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests will continue to be
reported as part of consolidated earnings; however, SFAS 160 requires that
income attributable to both controlling and noncontrolling interests be
presented separately on the face of the consolidated income statement. In
addition, SFAS 160 provides that when losses attributable to noncontrolling
interests exceed the noncontrolling interest's basis, losses continue to be
attributed to the noncontrolling interest as opposed to being absorbed by the
consolidating entity. SFAS 160 required retroactive adoption of the presentation
and disclosure requirements for existing minority interests. All other
requirements of SFAS 160 shall be applied prospectively. SAS 160 is effective
for the first annual reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2008.
The Partnership does not expect SFAS 160 to have a material impact on the
Partnership's statement of operations or financial position.

CERTAIN RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

See Item 1A for a discussion of risks regarding the Partnership.

To date, certain Local Limited Partnerships have incurred significant operating
losses and have working capital deficiencies. In the event these Local Limited
Partnerships continue to incur significant operating losses, additional capital
contributions by the Partnership and/or the Local General Partners may be
required to sustain the operations of such Local Limited Partnerships. If
additional capital contributions are not made when they are required, the
Partnership's investment in certain of such Local Limited Partnerships could be
lost, and the loss and recapture of the related Low Income Housing Tax Credits
could occur.

FINANCIAL CONDITION

FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2007

The Partnership's assets at March 31, 2007 consisted primarily of $480,000 in
cash, aggregate investments in 13 Local Limited Partnerships of $6,433,000 (See
"Method of Accounting for Investments in Local Limited Partnerships") and
$79,000 in loans receivable, net - due from affiliates. Liabilities at March 31,
2007 consisted of $12,000 of capital contributions due to Local Limited
Partnerships, $118,000 of accrued fees and advances payable to the General
Partner and/or its affiliates (See "Future Contractual Cash Obligations" below)
and accrued expenses of $5,500.


                                       15
<PAGE>

FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2006

The Partnership's assets at March 31, 2006 consisted primarily of $530,000 in
cash, aggregate investments in 13 Local Limited Partnerships of $9,404,000 (See
"Method of Accounting for Investments in Local Limited Partnerships") and
$79,000 in due from affiliates. Liabilities at March 31, 2006 consisted of
$12,000 of capital contributions due to Local Limited Partnerships $94,000 of
accrued fees and advances payable to the General Partner and/or its affiliates
(See "Future Contractual Cash Obligations" below) and accrued expenses of
$5,500.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2005

The Partnership's assets at March 31, 2005 consisted primarily of $775,000 in
cash, aggregate investments in 13 Local Limited Partnerships of $11,123,000 (See
"Method of Accounting for Investments in Local Limited Partnerships") and
$79,000 in due from affiliates. Liabilities at March 31, 2005 consisted of
$62,000 of capital contributions due to Local Limited Partnerships, $115,000 of
accrued fees and advances payable to the General Partner and/or its affiliates
(See "Future Contractual Cash Obligations" below) and accrued expenses of
$5,500.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2004

The Partnership's assets at March 31, 2004 consisted primarily of $1,133,000 in
cash, aggregate investments in the 13 Local Limited Partnerships of $12,291,000
and $84,000 in loans receivable, net - due from affiliates. Liabilities at March
31, 2004 primarily consisted of $346,000 of capital contributions due to Local
Limited Partnerships, and $87,000 was accrued fees and advances payable to the
General Partner and/or affiliates.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2007 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2006 The
Partnership's net loss for the year ended March 31, 2007 was $(3,045,000),
reflecting an increase of $(1,152,000) from the net loss experienced for the
year ended March 31, 2006 of $(1,893,000). That increase in net loss was due in
large part to the $(727,000) increase in equity in losses from Local Limited
Partnerships. That increase is primarily due to an impairment expense from one
Local Limited Partnership, Lake Village Apartment L.P. The FYE 12/31/2006
audited financial statements for this Local Limited Partnership had
approximately $3,348,000 in impairment expense. It was determined by its
independent accounting firm that the building was considered impaired by that
amount. Therefore, the expense was recognized by the Partnership in the form of
equity in losses from Local Limited Partnerships. In addition to the large
increase in equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships there was also an
increase in loss from operations of $(427,000). The change in loss from
operations is due to a $(533,000) increase in impairment loss. The impairment
loss can vary each year depending on the annual decrease in Low Income Housing
Tax Credits allocated to the Partnership and the current estimated residual
value to the Partnership compared to the current carrying value of each of the
investments to the Partnership. During the year ended March 31, 2007 there was
an advance for $30,000 made to a Local Limited Partnership which was also
reserved in full as of March 31, 2007 compared to an advance during the year
ended March 31, 2006 for $114,000 and fully reserved for in that year. The net
difference of the reserves was the reason that bad debt decreased by $84,000.
The accounting and legal expense decreased by $1,000 for the year ended March
31, 2007 compared to the year ended March 31, 2006, due to a timing issue of the
accounting work being performed. Additionally, the other operating expenses
decreased by $2,000 during the year ended March 31, 2007. Due to a majority of
the accounting work being performed during the year ended March 31, 2008, the
Partnership expects a large increase for the year ended March 31, 2008.
Reporting fees increased by $9,000 for the year ended March 31, 2007 due to the
fact that Local Limited Partnerships pay the reporting fee to the Partnership
when the Local Limited Partnership's cash flow will allow for the payment.
Amortization expense decreased by $11,000 as a result of one Local Limited
Partnership that had a zero investment balance for which the acquisition costs
and fees associated with that Local Limited Partnership had been written down to
zero during the year ended March 31, 2007, therefore reducing the amortization
expense.


                                       16
<PAGE>

YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2006 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2005 The
Partnership's net loss for the year ended March 31, 2006 was $(1,893,000),
reflecting an increase of $(611,000) from the net loss experienced for the year
ended March 31, 2005 of $(1,282,000). This was primarily due to an increase in
the equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships of $(476,000). That increase
is primarily due to an impairment expense from one Local Limited Partnership,
Lake Village Apartment L.P. The FYE 12/31/2006 audited financial statements for
this Local Limited Partnership had approximately $3,348,000 in impairment
expense. It was determined by its independent accounting firm that the building
was considered impaired by that amount. Therefore, a portion of the expense was
recognized by the Partnership in the form of equity in losses of Local Limited
Partnerships in the year ended March 31, 2006. Additionally, there was an
increase in loss from operations of $(137,000) which is largely due to a
$(90,000) increase in impairment loss. The impairment loss can vary each year
depending on the annual decrease in Low Income Housing Tax Credits allocated to
the Partnership and the current estimated residual value to the Partnership
compared to the current carrying value of each of the investments to the
Partnership. During the year ended March 31, 2006, there were advances of
$114,000 made to Local Limited Partnerships which was also reserved in full as
of March 31, 2006 compared to advances during the year ended March 31, 2005 for
$27,000 and advances of $5,000 made in the prior year that were both fully
reserved for during the year ended March 31, 2005. The difference between the
amount reserved was the reason that bad debt increased by $(82,000). The
accounting and legal expense decreased by $28,000 for the year ended March 31,
2006 compared to the year ended March 31, 2005, due to the timing of when the
accounting work is actually being performed. Additionally, other operating
expenses decreased by $2,000. Reporting fees increased by $4,000 for the year
ended March 31, 2006 due to the fact that Local Limited Partnerships pay the
reporting fees to the Partnership when the Local Limited Partnership's cash flow
will allow for the payment.

YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2005 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2004 The
Partnership's net loss for the year ended March 31, 2005 was $(1,282,000),
reflecting a decrease of $498,000 from the net loss experienced for the year
ended March 31, 2004 of $(1,780,000). That decrease was primarily due to a
decrease in loss from operations of $510,000. The change in loss from operations
is due to a $572,000 decrease in impairment loss. The impairment loss can vary
each year depending on the annual decrease in Low Income Housing Tax Credits
allocated to the Partnership and the current estimated residual value to the
Partnership compared to the current carrying value of each of the investments to
the Partnership. During the year ended March 31, 2005 there were advances of
$27,000 and advances of $5,000 during the year ended March 31, 2004 that were
both fully reserved for during the year ended March 31, 2005 compared to no
advances being reserved for during the year ended March 31, 2004. The difference
between the amounts reserved was the reason that bad debt increased by
$(32,000). The accounting and legal expense increased by $(12,000) for the year
ended March 31, 2005 compared to the year ended March 31, 2004, due to the
timing of when the accounting work is actually being performed. Reporting fees
decreased by $(15,000) for the year ended March 31, 2005 due to the fact that
Local Limited Partnerships pay the reporting fees to the Partnership when the
Local Limited Partnership's cash flow will allow for the payment. Additionally,
other operating expenses increased by $(3,000). The decrease in loss from
operations was offset by a $(4,000) increase in the equity in losses of Local
Limited Partnerships. The equity in losses can vary each year depending on the
operations of each of the Local Limited Partnerships. Finally, interest income
decreased by $(8,000) due to the Partnerships cash balances decreasing.

YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2004 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2003. The
Partnership's net loss for the year ended March 31, 2004 was $(1,780,000),
reflecting an increase of $(765,000) from the net loss of $(1,015,000)
experienced for the year ended March 31, 2003. The change in net loss is due to
equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships which increased by $(135,000) to
$(1,097,000) for the year ended March 31, 2004 from $(963,000) for the year
ended March 31, 2003. The increase in equity in losses of Local Limited
Partnerships was mainly due to the completion of construction and rent up of
certain Local Limited Partnerships. Additionally, there was an increase in the
loss from operations of approximately $ (556,000) largely due to an impairment
loss of $ (572,000) for the year ended March 31, 2004. Starting in the year
ended March 31, 2004, the Partnership changed its method of calculating
impairment. The $(572,000) impairment loss was due to Local Limited Partnerships
net investment balances exceeded the remaining Low Income Housing Tax Credits
and residual value. In addition to the impairment loss, there was an $(11,000)
increase in asset management fees which was offset by a $9,000 decrease in other
operating expenses and a $8,000 decrease in accounting and legal fees. There was
also a $10,000 increase in reporting fees offset by a $(74,000) decrease in
interest income.

                                       17
<PAGE>

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2007 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2006 The net decrease
in cash during the year ended March 31, 2007 was $(50,000) compared to a net
decrease in cash for the year ended March 31, 2006 of $(244,000). This decrease
of $194,000 in cash used was due in part to the Partnership advancing a Local
Limited Partnership $(30,000) for the year ended March 31, 2007 compared to
$(135,000) that was advanced for the year ended March 31, 2006. During the year
ended March 31, 2006 the $135,000 in cash that was advanced to the Local Limited
Partnership was offset by $21,000 in insurance proceeds that the Partnership had
previously received on behalf of the Local Limited Partnership and was showing
as a due to an affiliate in prior years. Therefore the Partnership offset the
advances to the Local Limited Partnerships by the $21,000 of insurance proceeds
owed to the Local Limited Partnership. The net difference of $114,000 was a
decrease in cash used for the year ended March 31, 2007 compared to the year
ended March 31, 2006. The advances that were made were due to a Local Limited
Partnership that had been experiencing cash flow issues. For the year ended
March 31, 2007 the Partnership paid the General Partner or an affiliate
approximately $(45,000) for asset management fees and reimbursement for expenses
paid on behalf of the Partnership compared to $(73,000) paid for the year ended
March 31, 2006, which is a $28,000 decrease in cash used. Additionally, during
the year ended March 31, 2007 no capital contributions to Local Limited
Partnerships were paid compared to $(50,000) in capital contributions being paid
during the year ended March 31, 2006. During the year ended March 31, 2007 the
Partnership had an increase of $9,000 in reporting fees that were collected from
Local Limited Partnerships which contributed to the decrease in cash used in
operating activities. Additionally, during the year ended March 31, 2005 one
Local Limited Partnership had paid the incorrect amount of distributions to the
Partnership therefore the Partnership reimbursed the funds during the year ended
March 31, 2006. No distributions had to be reimbursed during the year ended
March 31, 2007.

YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2006 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2005 The net decrease
in cash during the year ended March 31, 2006 was $(244,000) compared to a net
decrease in cash used for the year ended March 31, 2005 of $(359,000). The net
change of $115,000 was due partially to the Partnership making capital
contributions to Local Limited Partnerships in the amount of $(50,000) for the
year ended March 31, 2006 compared to $(279,000) for the year ended March 31,
2005. For the year ended March 31, 2006 the Partnership made $(135,000) of
advances to a Local Limited Partnership compared to $(27,000) of advances to a
Local Limited Partnership during the year ended March 31, 2005, which resulted
in a $(108,000) increase in cash used for the year ended March 31, 2006. During
the year ended March 31, 2006 the $135,000 in cash that was advanced to the
Local Limited Partnership was offset by $21,000 in insurance proceeds that the
Partnership had previously received on behalf of the Local Limited Partnership
and was showing as a due to an affiliate in prior years. Therefore the
Partnership offset the advances to the Local Limited Partnerships by the $21,000
of insurance proceeds owed to the Local Limited Partnership. For the year ended
March 31, 2006 the Partnership paid the General Partner and affiliates
approximately $(73,000) for asset management fees and reimbursement for expenses
paid on behalf of the Partnership compared to $(80,000) paid for the year ended
March 31, 2005, which is a $7,000 decrease in cash used for the year ended March
31, 2006. During the year ended March 31, 2005 the Partnership received $7,000
in distributions from Local Limited Partnerships compared to the $(3,000) that
the Partnership had to reimburse to a Local Limited Partnership due to
overpayment in the year ended March 31, 2006.

YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2005 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2004 The net decrease
in cash during the year ended March 31, 2005 was $(359,000) compared to a net
decrease in cash for the year ended March 31, 2004 of $(1,114,000). This
decrease of cash used of $755,000 was due to the net change in cash used in
investing activities of $599,000, in addition to the $156,000 decrease in cash
used in operating activities. For the year ended March 31, 2005 the Partnership
made capital contribution payments to Local Limited Partnerships of $(279,000)
compared to $(873,000) in capital contributions for the year ended March 31,
2004. Additionally, during the year ended March 31, 2004 the Partnership
reimbursed one Local Limited Partnership $(200,000) in insurance proceeds that
the Partnership originally received on behalf of the Local Limited Partnership.
For the year ended March 31, 2005 the Partnership paid the General Partner and
affiliates approximately $(80,000) for asset management fees and reimbursement
for expenses paid on behalf of the Partnership compared to $(81,000) paid for
the year ended March 31, 2004 for a net difference of $1,000 less cash used
during March 31, 2005. For the year ended March 31, 2005, the Partnership made
$(27,000) of advances to Local Limited Partnerships compared to no advances to
Local Limited Partnerships during the year ended March 31, 2004, which resulted
in a $(27,000) increase in cash used for the year ended March 31, 2005.
Additionally, during the year ended March 31, 2005 the Partnership collected
$2,000 in reporting fees compared to $17,000 collected during the year ended
March 31, 2004 along with $7,000 in distributions from Local Limited
Partnerships collected for the year ended March 31, 2005 compared to $3,000
collected during the year ended March 31, 2004.

The Partnership currently has insufficient working capital to fund its
operations. Associates has agreed to continue providing advances sufficient
enough to fund the operations and working capital requirements of the
Partnership through March 31, 2009. Associates will evaluate the need for any
future advances, and its ability and intention to provide such advances, on a
year to year basis. Please see "Risk Factors" under Item 1A of this annual
report.
                                       18
<PAGE>

OTHER MATTERS

The Partnership is not obligated to fund advances to the Local Limited
Partnerships. Occasionally, when Local Limited Partnerships encounter
operational issues the Partnership may decide to advance funds to assist the
Local Limited Partnership with its operational issues.

During the year ended March 31, 2002, WNC, the General Partner of the
Partnership was advised that Lake Village Apartments, a Local Limited
Partnership, was in default of certain covenants relating to certain loans
advanced for the construction of the apartments. The defaults were primarily
caused by the general contractor failing to complete the construction of the
development according to the terms of the Lake Village Apartment's loans. As a
result of the foregoing, on June 30, 2002, the General Partner of Lake Village
Apartments was replaced by an entity wholly owned by two minority shareholders
and officers of Associates and a workout agreement was executed with the lender
(the "Agreement"), whereby the General Partner of Lake Village Apartments was
replaced by the aforementioned entity. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement,
the new general partner would contribute additional equity to the Local Limited
Partnership if necessary, a new general contractor would complete the
construction of the development, and the lender, upon satisfaction of certain
conditions of the Agreement as defined, would continue to fund the completion of
the construction and other costs. In addition, pursuant to the Agreement, the
Partnership Agreement was amended, and the Partnership committed and paid
additional capital contributions of $855,628 as a result of obtaining additional
Low Income Housing Tax Credits. Construction of the development was completed as
of June 2002, at which time all construction loans converted to permanent
financing.

Beginning in November 2005 the Lake Village Apartments are being managed by the
Henry County Housing Development Group, Inc. (HCHD). HCHD is the local housing
authority serving Kewanee, Illinois. HCHD currently manages numerous apartment
units in Kewanee and brings substantial knowledge of property management and
knowledge of the local community. HCHD also administers the tenant housing
choice voucher program and may be able to provide Lake Village occupants with
rental assistance payments to help defer the cost of their rent thereby making
it more attractive for a prospective tenant to remain at Lake Village. As of
June 2008, the Partnership has advanced Lake Village approximately $184,504 all
of which have been fully reserved and written off as bad debt as management has
deemed the collectability to be questionable. These advances were used to fund
certain recurring and nonrecurring operating expenses consisting primarily of
property taxes and insurance.

Beginning in April 2006, Lake Village Apartments did not make its regularly
schedule principal and interest payment to the mortgage holder, Illinois
Development Housing Authority (IHDA) and began negotiations with IHDA at that
time to restructure the debt. These negotiations have continued through April
2008 and during that period, no principal and interest payments have been made.
IHDA has expressed that they have no interest in restructuring the mortgage and
have proposed that Lake Village Apartments pay $1,250,000 to IHDA in full and
final satisfaction of their existing first and second mortgages. The General
Partner is pursuing a sale of the Lake Village Apartments to meet IHDA's request
in order to avoid a foreclosure and recapture event to the investors. An
appraisal received in April 2008 indicates current market value of $480,000. If
the General Partner is unable to consummate a sale of this asset, IHDA could
institute a foreclosure procedure and the Housing Complex could be lost, thereby
creating a recapture event for the previous Low Income Housing Tax Credits
claimed to date. Although the possibility exists of tax credit recapture,
management feels the possibility is remote and is still determining the possible
dollar amount, if any. Although the General Partner is actively pursuing a sale,
there is no assurance this will occur.

One Local Limited Partnership, ACN Southern Hills II, L.P. ("Southern Hills"),
in which the Partnership owns a 99.98% interest, had a construction loan payable
aggregating approximately $1,100,000 as of December 31, 2001. Such construction
loan was due in March 2002 and was not repaid at that time. In September 2002
the $1.1 million loan was refinanced. The General Partner paid off $557,000 of
the loan with investment money received from the Partnership. The remaining
balance was converted to a $463,000 first mortgage with a bank and a $80,000
promissory note due in 20 years to the Partnership. The Partnerships loan is
subordinate to the first mortgage and requires payments to be made monthly and
at the end of the year from available cash flow. The Partnership expects this
loan to be collectible in full. No payments have been made since October 2004
due to the fact that the mortgage note had covenants that the DCR could not be
below 1.20 and if payments on this note were made the DCR would have been below
1.20. The original first mortgage note has since been refinanced and the
management company was changed. With these two factors in consideration the
Local Limited Partnership is cash flowing and is expected to make a payment on
the promissory note during the Partnership's third quarter.

                                       19
<PAGE>

FUTURE CONTRACTUAL CASH OBLIGATIONS

The following table summarizes the Partnership's future contractual cash
obligations as of March 31, 2007:

<TABLE>
<S>            <C>
                                  2008          2009          2010          2011          2012       THEREAFTER      TOTAL
                               ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------

Asset management fees(1)       $  174,120    $   58,456    $   58,456    $   58,456    $   58,456    $2,805,888    $3,213,832
Capital Contributions
   payable to Local Limited
   Partnerships                    12,081            --            --            --            --            --        12,081
                               ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
Total contractual cash
   obligations                 $  186,201    $   58,456    $   58,456    $   58,456    $   58,456    $2,805,888    $3,225,913
                               ==========    ==========    ==========    ==========    ==========    ==========    ==========
</TABLE>

(1) Asset management fees are payable annually until termination of the
Partnership, which is to occur no later than 2060. The estimate of the fees
payable included herein assumes the retention of the Partnership's interest in
all Housing Complexes until 2060. Amounts due to the General Partner as of March
31, 2007 have been included in the 2008 column. The General Partner does not
anticipate that these fees will be paid until such time as capital reserves are
in excess of the aggregate of the existing contractual obligations and the
anticipated future foreseeable obligations of the Partnership.

For additional information regarding our asset management fees and capital
contributions payable to Local Limited Partnerships, see Notes 2, 3 and 5 to the
financial statements included elsewhere herein.

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

The Partnership has no off-balance sheet arrangements.

EXIT STRATEGY

See Item 1 for information in this regard.

IMPACT OF NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

See footnote 1 to the audited financial statements.


                                       20
<PAGE>


ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

(a) As of the end of the period covered by this report, the Partnership's
    General Partner, under the supervision and with the participation of the
    Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Associates, carried
    out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Partnership's "disclosure
    controls and procedures" as defined in Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule
    13a-15 and 15d-15. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and
    Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period
    covered by this report, the Partnership's disclosure controls and procedures
    were not effective to ensure that material information required to be
    disclosed in the Partnership's periodic report filings with SEC is recorded,
    processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified by the
    SEC's rules and forms, consistent with the definition of "disclosure
    controls and procedures" under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

    The Partnership must rely on the Local Limited Partnerships to provide the
    Partnership with certain information necessary to the timely filing of the
    Partnership's periodic reports. Factors in the accounting at the Local
    Limited Partnerships have caused delays in the provision of such information
    during past reporting periods, and resulted in the Partnership's inability
    to file its periodic reports in a timely manner.

    Once the Partnership has received the necessary information from the Local
    Limited Partnerships, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
    Officer of Associates believe that the material information required to be
    disclosed in the Partnership's periodic report filings with SEC is
    effectively recorded, processed, summarized and reported, albeit not in a
    timely manner. Going forward, the Partnership will use the means reasonably
    within its power to impose procedures designed to obtain from the Local
    Limited Partnerships the information necessary to the timely filing of the
    Partnership's periodic reports.

(b) There were no changes in the Partnership's internal control over financial
    reporting that occurred during the periods ended March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005
    or 2004 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
    affect, the Partnership's internal control over financial reporting.

PART III.

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

(a)   Identification of Directors, (b) Identification of Executive Officers, (c)
      Identification of Certain Significant Employees, (d) Family Relationships,
      and (e) Business Experience

Neither the General Partner nor the Partnership has directors, executive
officers or employees of its own. The business of the Partnership is conducted
primarily through Associates. Associates is a California corporation which was
organized in 1971. The following biographical information is presented for the
officers and employees of Associates with principal responsibility for the
Partnership's affairs.

<TABLE>
<S>                                          <C>
Wilfred N. Cooper, Sr.                       Chairman
Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr.                       President and Chief Executive Officer
David N. Shafer, Esq.                        Executive Vice President
Michael J. Gaber                             Executive Vice President
Sylvester P. Garban                          Senior Vice President - Institutional Investments
Thomas J. Riha, CPA                          Senior Vice President - Chief Financial Officer
Thomas J. Hollingsworth                      Vice President - Asset Management
Gregory S. Hand                              Vice President - Acquisitions
Melanie R. Wenk                              Vice President - Portfolio Management & Accounting
Kay L. Cooper                                Director of WNC & Associates Inc.
Jennifer E. Cooper                           Director of WNC & Associates Inc.
</TABLE>

In addition to Wilfred N. Cooper, Sr., the directors of Associates are Wilfred
N. Cooper, Jr., Kay L. Cooper, and Jennifer Cooper. The principal shareholders
of Associates are trusts established by the Coopers.


                                       21
<PAGE>

Wilfred N. Cooper, Sr., age 77, is the founder and Chairman of the Board of
Directors of Associates, a Director of WNC Capital Corporation, and a general
partner in some of the partnerships previously sponsored by Associates. Mr.
Cooper has been actively involved in the affordable housing industry since 1968.
Previously, during 1970 and 1971, he was founder and a principal of Creative
Equity Development Corporation, a predecessor of Associates, and of Creative
Equity Corporation, a real estate investment firm. For 12 years before that, Mr.
Cooper was employed by Rockwell International Corporation, last serving as its
manager of housing and urban developments where he had responsibility for
factory-built housing evaluation and project management in urban planning and
development. He has testified before committees of the U.S. Senate and the U.S.
House of Representatives on matters pertaining to the affordable housing
industry. Mr. Cooper is a Life Director of the National Association of Home
Builders, a National Trustee for NAHB's Political Action Committee, and a past
Chairman of NAHB's Multifamily Council. He is a Life Trustee of the National
Housing Conference, and a founder and Director of the California Housing
Consortium. He is the husband of Kay Cooper and the father of Wilfred N. Cooper,
Jr. Mr. Cooper graduated from Pomona College in 1956 with a Bachelor of Arts
degree.

Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr., age 44, is President, Chief Executive Officer,
Secretary, a Director and a member of the Acquisition Committee of Associates.
He is President and a Director of, and a registered principal with, WNC Capital
Corporation. He has been involved in real estate investment and acquisition
activities since 1988 when he joined Associates. Previously, he served as a
Government Affairs Assistant with Honda North America in Washington, D.C. Mr.
Cooper serves on the Board of Trustees of the National Housing Conference, and
is a member of the Editorial Advisory Board of LIHTC Monthly Report, a Steering
Member of the Housing Credit Group of the National Association of Home Builders,
a member of the Tax Policy Council for the National Trust for Historic
Preservation, a member of the Advisory Board of the New York State Association
for Affordable Housing, a member of the Urban Land Institute, a member of the
Orange County Advisory Board of US Bank, and a member of Vistage International,
a global network of business leaders and chief executives. He is the son of
Wilfred Cooper, Sr. and Kay Cooper. Mr. Cooper graduated from The American
University in 1985 with a Bachelor of Arts degree.

David N. Shafer, age 55, is an Executive Vice President, a member of the
Acquisition Committee of, and oversees the New Markets Tax Credit operations of,
Associates, and is responsible for the business development activities of WNC
Community Preservation Partners. Mr. Shafer has been active in the real estate
industry since 1984. Before joining Associates in 1990, he was engaged as an
attorney in the private practice of law with a specialty in real estate and
taxation. Mr. Shafer is a Director and past President of the California Council
of Affordable Housing, and a member of the State Bar of California. Mr. Shafer
graduated from the University of California at Santa Barbara in 1978 with a
Bachelor of Arts degree, from the New England School of Law in 1983 with a Juris
Doctor degree cum laude and from the University of San Diego in 1986 with a
Master of Law degree in Taxation.

Michael J. Gaber, age 41, is an Executive Vice President, oversees the
Originations, and the Acquisitions Departments, and is a member of the
Acquisition Committee of Associates. Mr. Gaber has been involved in real estate
acquisition, valuation and investment activities since 1989 and has been
associated with Associates since 1997. Prior to joining Associates, he was
involved in the valuation and classification of major assets, restructuring of
debt and analysis of real estate taxes with H.F. Ahmanson & Company, parent of
Home Savings of America. Mr. Gaber graduated from the California State
University, Fullerton in 1991 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Business
Administration - Finance.

Sylvester P. Garban, age 61, is Senior Vice President - Institutional
Investments of Associates and a registered principal with WNC Capital
Corporation. Mr. Garban has been involved in domestic and multinational
institutional real estate investment activities since 1978. Before joining
Associates in 1989, he served as Executive Vice President with MRW, Inc., a
commercial real estate development and management firm. He was previously
involved in operations management with The Taubman Company, an international
regional mall developer. Mr. Garban is a member of the National Association of
Affordable Housing Lenders and the Financial Planning Association. He graduated
from Michigan State University in 1967 with a Bachelor of Science degree in
Business Administration.

                                       22
<PAGE>

Thomas J. Riha, age 52, is Senior Vice President - Chief Financial Officer and a
member of the Acquisition Committee of Associates. He has been involved in real
estate acquisition and investment activities since 1979. Before joining
Associates in 1994, Mr. Riha was employed by Trust Realty Advisor, a real estate
acquisition and management company, last serving as Vice President - Operations.
He is a founding member of the Housing Credit Certified Professional Board of
Governors, a national professional certification program administered by the
NAHB and the National Affordable Housing Management Association. Mr. Riha
graduated from the California State University, Fullerton in 1977 with a
Bachelor of Arts degree cum laude in Business Administration with a
concentration in Accounting and is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of
the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

Thomas J. Hollingsworth, age 56, is Vice President - Asset Management of
Associates and oversees WNC's asset management group. Mr. Hollingsworth has been
involved in real estate acquisitions, operations and syndication of multifamily
properties for over 25 years. Prior to joining WNC in 2005, he was the senior
workout specialist at Key Corporation Housing Management, Inc., a division of
Key Bank. He has also been responsible for structuring several tax sheltered
multifamily acquisitions during his career. Mr. Hollingsworth graduated from the
University of Utah in 1973 with a Bachelor of Science degree (cum laude) in
Business Administration.

Gregory S. Hand, age 44, is Vice President - Acquisitions of, and oversees the
property underwriting activities of, Associates. Mr. Hand has been involved in
real estate analysis, development and management since 1987. Prior to joining
WNC in 1998, he was a portfolio asset manager with a national Tax Credit sponsor
with responsibility for the management of $200 million in assets. Prior to that,
he was a finance manager with The Koll Company and a financial analyst with The
Irvine Company. Mr. Hand graduated from Iowa State University in 1987 with a
Bachelor of Business Administration degree in finance.

Melanie R. Wenk, age 40, is Vice President - Portfolio Management & Accounting
of Associates. She is responsible for overseeing institutional and retail fund
portfolio management, including partnership accounting, SEC reporting, quarterly
and annual investor reporting, monitoring investment returns for all stabilized
WNC institutional funds, and corporate accounting. Prior to joining WNC in 2003,
Ms. Wenk was associated as a public accountant with BDO Seidman, LLP. She
graduated from the California Polytechnic State University, Pomona, in 1999 with
a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting.

Kay L. Cooper, age 72, is a Director of WNC & Associates, Inc. and has not
otherwise been engaged in business activities during the previous five years.
Kay Cooper was the sole proprietor of Agate 108, a manufacturer and retailer of
home accessory products, from 1975 until its sale in 1998. She is the wife of
Wilfred Cooper, Sr. and the mother of Wilfred Cooper, Jr. Ms. Cooper graduated
from the University of Southern California in 1958 with a Bachelor of Science
degree.

Jennifer E. Cooper, age 46, is a Director of WNC & Associates, Inc. and has not
otherwise been engaged in business activities during the previous five years.
She is the wife of Wilfred Cooper, Jr. and attended the University of Texas from
1981 to 1986.

(f) Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings

    None

(g) Promoters and Control Persons

    Inapplicable.

(h) Audit Committee Financial Expert, and (i) Identification of the audit
    Committee

    Neither the Partnership nor Associates has an audit committee.

(j) Changes to Nominating Procedures

    Inapplicable.


                                       23
<PAGE>

(k) Compliance With Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act

    None.

(l) Code of Ethics

    Associates  has  adopted  a Code  of  Ethics  which  applies  to the  Chief
    Executive  Officer and Chief Financial  Officer of Associates.  The Code of
    Ethics will be provided  without charge to any person who requests it. Such
    requests  should  be  directed  to:  Investor  Relations  at  (714)662-5565
    extension 187.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The General Partner and its affiliates are not permitted under Section 5.6.1 of
the Partnership's Agreement of Limited Partnership (the "Agreement,"
incorporated as Exhibit 3.1 to this report) to receive any salary, fees,
profits, distributions or allocations from the Partnership or any Local Limited
Partnership in which the Partnership invests except as expressly allowed by the
Agreement. The compensation and other economic benefits to the General Partner
and its affiliates provided for in the Agreement are summarized below.

(a) Compensation for Services

    For services rendered by the General Partner or an affiliate of the General
    Partner in connection with the administration of the affairs of the
    Partnership, the General Partner or any affiliate may receive an annual
    asset management fee in an amount equal to 0.2% of that portion of Invested
    Assets in Local Limited Partnerships which are attributable to apartment
    units receiving government assistance. "Invested Assets" means the sum of
    the Partnership's original investment in Local Limited Partnerships and the
    Partnership's allocable share of mortgage loans on and other debts related
    to the Housing Complexes owned by such Local Limited Partnerships. Accrued
    but unpaid asset management fees for any year are deferred without interest
    and are payable in subsequent years from any funds available to the
    Partnership after payment of all other costs and expenses of the
    Partnership, including any capital reserves then determined by the General
    Partner to no longer be necessary to be retained by the Partnership, or from
    the proceeds of a sale or refinancing of Partnership assets. Fees of
    $58,456, $58,456, $58,981, $58,132, and $47,255 were incurred during the
    years ended March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004 and 2003 respectively, of which
    $31,344, $50,210, $40,133, $45,266, and $40,133 were paid for the years
    ended March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.

    Subject to a number of terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement, the
    General Partner and its affiliates may be entitled to compensation for
    services actually rendered or to be rendered in connection with (i)
    selecting, evaluating, structuring, negotiating and closing the
    Partnership's investments in Local Limited Partnership Interests, (ii)
    property management services actually rendered by the General Partner or its
    affiliates respecting the Housing Complexes owned by Local Limited
    Partnerships or (iii) disposition services in connection with the sale of
    any Housing Complex owned by a Local Limited Partnership, for which a
    subordinated disposition fee may be payable. The Partnership had completed
    its investment stage, so no compensation for the services in (i) was paid
    during the periods covered by this report and none will be paid in the
    future. None of the compensation described in (ii) or (iii) above was paid
    or payable for such services during the periods covered by this report.

(b) Operating Expenses

    The Partnership incurred operating expenses reimbursable to the General
    Partner or its affiliates in the amounts of approximately $10,938, $17,751,
    $49,203, $32,022, $42,565 and $46,751 during the years ended March 31, 2007,
    2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. The Partnership reimbursed
    the General Partner or its affiliates for operating expenses of
    approximately $14,042, $23,007, $39,524, $35,422 and $39,485 for the years
    ended March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, and 2003, respectively.

    Reimbursement to the General Partner or any of its affiliates of Operating
    Cash Expenses is subject to specific restrictions in Section 5.3.4 of the
    Partnership's Agreement of Limited Partnership (the "Agreement,"
    incorporated as Exhibit 3.1 to this report). The Agreement defines
    "Operating Cash Expenses" as

                                       24
<PAGE>

         " . . . the amount of cash disbursed by the Partnership . . . in the
         ordinary course of business for the payment of its operating expenses,
         such as expenses for management, on-site property personnel, utilities,
         repair and maintenance, insurance, investor communications, legal,
         accounting, statistical and bookkeeping services, use of computing or
         accounting equipment, travel and telephone expenses, salaries and
         direct expenses of Partnership employees while engaged in Partnership
         business, and any other operational and administrative expenses
         necessary for the prudent operation of the Partnership. Without
         limiting the generality of the foregoing, Operating Cash Expenses shall
         include the actual cost of goods, materials and administrative services
         used for or by the Partnership, whether incurred by the General
         Partner, an Affiliate of the General Partner or a non-Affiliated Person
         in performing the foregoing functions. As used in the preceding
         sentence, actual cost of goods and materials means the actual cost of
         goods and materials used for or by the Partnership and obtained from
         entities not Affiliated with the General Partner, and actual cost of
         administrative services means the pro rata cost of personnel (as if
         such persons were employees of the Partnership) associated therewith,
         but in no event to exceed the Competitive amount."

    The Agreement provides that no such reimbursement shall be permitted for
    services for which the General Partner or any of its affiliates is entitled
    to compensation by way of a separate fee. Furthermore, no such reimbursement
    is to be made for (a) rent or depreciation, utilities, capital equipment or
    other such administrative items, and (b) salaries, fringe benefits, travel
    expenses and other administrative items incurred or allocated to any
    "controlling person" of the General Partner or any affiliate of the General
    Partner. For the purposes of Section 5.3.4, "controlling person" includes,
    but is not limited to, any person, however titled, who performs functions
    for the General Partner or any affiliate of the General Partner similar to
    those of: (1) chairman or member of the board of directors; (2) executive
    management, such as president, vice president or senior vice president,
    corporate secretary or treasurer; (3) senior management, such as the vice
    president of an operating division who reports directly to executive
    management; or (4) those holding 5% or more equity interest in the General
    Partner or any affiliate of the General Partner or a person having the power
    to direct or cause the direction of the General Partner or any affiliate of
    the General Partner, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by
    contract or otherwise.

(c) Interest in Partnership

    The General Partner receives 0.1% of the Partnership's allocated Low Income
    Housing Tax Credits, which approximated $1,810; $1,808; $1,808; and $1,692,
    for the General Partner for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005, 2004
    and 2003, respectively. The General Partner is also entitled to receive 0.1%
    of the Partnership's operating income or losses, gain or loss from the sale
    of property and operating cash distributions. There were no distributions of
    operating cash to the General Partner during the years ended March 31, 2007,
    2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 or 2002. The General Partner has an interest in sale
    or refinancing proceeds as follows: after the Limited Partners have received
    a return of their capital plus a specified return on capital, General
    Partner may receive an amount equal to its capital contribution, less any
    prior distribution of such proceeds, then the General Partner may receive
    10% and the Limited Partners 90% of any remaining proceeds. There were no
    such distributions to the General Partner during the years ended March 31,
    2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 or 2002.


                                       25
<PAGE>


PART IV.

ITEM 15.  EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a)(1) List of Financial statements included in Part II hereof
--------------------------------------------------------------

         Balance Sheets, March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005 and 2004 Statements of
         Operations for the years ended March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004 and
         2003 Statements of Partners' Equity (Deficit) for the years ended March
         31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004 and 2003 Statements of Cash Flows for the
         years ended March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004 and 2003 Notes to
         Financial Statements

(a)(2) List of Financial statement schedules included in Part IV hereof:
------------------------------------------------------------------------

         Schedule III, Real Estate Owned by Local Limited Partnerships

(a)(3) Exhibits.
----------------

3.1      First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership dated as of
         April 1, 1999 included as Exhibit B to the Registration Statement filed
         on April 16, 1999, is hereby incorporated herein as Exhibit 3.1.

10.1     Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of School Square
         Limited Partnership filed as exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form
         8-K dated February 9, 2000, is herein incorporated by reference as
         Exhibit 10.1.

31.1     Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14
         and 15d-14, as adopted pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
         Act of 2002. (filed herewith)

31.2     Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14
         and 15d-14, as adopted pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
         Act of 2002. (filed herewith)

32.1     Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer. (filed
         herewith)

32.2     Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer. (filed
         herewith)

99.1     Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of 2nd Fairhaven,
         L.L.C. filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the current report on Form 8-K dated
         January 25, 2000, is herein incorporated by reference as Exhibit 99.1.

99.2     Amended and Restated agreement of Red Oaks, L.P. filed as exhibit 10.5
         to Post Effective Amendment No 3 to Form S-11 dated September 20, 2000,
         is herein incorporated by reference as exhibit 99.2.

99.3     Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Hickory
         Lane Partners Limited Partnership filed as exhibit 10.6 to Post
         Effective Amendment No 3 to Form S-11 filed on September 20, 2000, is
         herein incorporated by reference as exhibit 99.3.

99.4     Second Amended and Restated agreement of Limited Partnership of Pierce
         Street Partners Limited Partnership filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the
         current report on Form 8-K dated January 25, 2000, is herein
         incorporated by reference as Exhibit 99.4.

99.5     Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Lake Village
         Apartments L.P. filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K
         dated December 18, 2000, is herein incorporated by reference as Exhibit
         99.5.

                                       26
<PAGE>

99.6     Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of United
         Development Limited Partnership 2000 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the
         current report on Form 8-K dated April 16, 2001, is herein incorporated
         by reference as Exhibit 99.6.

99.7     Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of ACN Southern
         Hills II, L.P. filed as Exhibit 10.10 to Post Effective Amendment No 6
         to Form S-11 filed on May 1, 2001, is herein incorporated by reference
         as exhibit 99.7.

99.8.1   Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Montrose
         Country Estates Limited Dividend Housing Association, a Michigan
         limited partnership, filed as Exhibit 10.9 to Post Effective Amendment
         No 6 to Form S-11 filed on May 1, 2001, is herein incorporated by
         reference as exhibit 99.8.

99.9     Financial Statements of Lake Village Apartments, L.P., as of and for
         the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 together with
         Independent Auditors' Report thereon; a significant subsidiary of the
         Partnership. (filed herewith).

99.10    Financial Statements of United Development 2000, L.P, as of and for the
         years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 together with Independent
         Auditors' Report thereon; a significant subsidiary of the Partnership.
         (filed herewith).



                                       27
<PAGE>



                                   SIGNATURES


Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES 7

By:      WNC & Associates, Inc.,
         General Partner




         By:      /s/ Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr.
                  --------------------------
                  Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr.,
                  President of WNC & Associates, Inc.

Date:    September 8, 2009

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.




By:      /s/ Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr.
         --------------------------
         Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr.,
         Chief Executive Officer,  President and Director of WNC & Associates,
         Inc. (principal executive officer)

Date:    September 8, 2009




By:      /s/ Thomas J. Riha
         ------------------
         Thomas J. Riha,
         Senior  Vice-President - Chief Financial Officer of WNC & Associates,
         Inc. (principal  financial officer and principal accounting officer)

Date:    September 8, 2009




By:      /s/ Wilfred N. Cooper, Sr.
         --------------------------
         Wilfred N. Cooper, Sr.,
         Chairman of the Board of WNC & Associates, Inc.

Date:    September 8, 2009




By:      /s/ Kay L. Cooper
         -----------------
         Kay L. Cooper
         Director of WNC & Associates, Inc.

Date:    September 8, 2009


                                       28
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
